Hi, I'm Jurek from the Euforia Driver Training Center.
I deal with motorcycle categories.
We are starting a new series of trainings, we want to present you Yamaha YBR 125, where after changing the regulations
you can move in this type with the B category for at least 3 years.
We want to show you whether this bill gives you the opportunity to make a person who super moves great
cat. B will be doing well with category A1.
So with the popular YAMAHA YBR 125, we will show the first hours of the student who begins and whether after the first hours will be in
able to cope with examination tasks that were previously in force before the change of regulations.
- Hi, my name is Rafał, I already have a driving license category B 6 years, this act has changed, the rules have changed, so
I hope you will be able to see how it looks in practice, because the theory is something completely different.
Also keep your fingers crossed.
- This is Rafał, we sit on a motorcycle and present how a student with a B driving license
he will cope with a 125 cm single-track, I invite you for a demonstration ride.
- I hope I will not kill myself.
From the beginning I will present a motorcycle, first of all we have to sit on a motorcycle.
We put a foot.
We turn the ignition.
If you turn the ignition, you should light the green neutral light.
On the right side is the firing of a motorcycle, the so-called start-up, if it is neutral, we start the motorcycle.
The motorcycle is running, remember - the clutch is on the left.
A foot brake under the right leg.
On the right side of the steering wheel, the handbrake.
At low speeds we use the foot brake.
This does not tilt forward.
With hard braking 80% hand brake 20% foot brake.
When we want to start the ride, we move - we give ourselves the first left foot, change the leg to have the opportunity
control of two brakes, i.e. legs and hand.
Before starting we make sure that we can start driving, if we do not pose a threat.
And smoothing the clutch release causes the motorcycle to start moving, remember that it must be very smooth
moving, please, even without gas, we are able to move on a motorcycle.
Moving causes smooth release of the clutch on 2, 3 meters, not like letting the clutch release immediately, because
sudden release of the clutch will cause the motorcycle to turn off.
If we smoothly operate the lever on the left side, we will run smoothly without a gas and the motorcycle will not sway us.
So we try to do it.
We sit on a motorcycle, put on a foot, start with folding the foot.
We give the clutch with the left hand, one, no, no, now the left leg is down, the only one.
Yes, we change the leg to be able to control the brake.
And smooth release of the clutch.
Smooth, smooth, good, slowly, yes.
As he starts to drive, you must start to withstand this clutch, let it go.
Slowly, oh.
Oh, that way.
Okay, good, for a leg on the footstool.
Oh ... and now we are just letting go and we are running around like a bicycle.
We are traveling like a bicycle.
Oh, smooth running.
These are the beginnings, we have to try, catch the track, try to treat the moped like riding a bicycle.
It's no different in anything, except that it travels much faster.
Riding a motorcycle is more pleasant than riding a bike because of the speed achieved.